Fees and new rebate program (#1111)
vegaprotocol/documentation: docs/concepts/trading-framework/fees.md

### Fee distribution and breakdown
Fees are calculated when a trade is filled, and paid in the market's settlement currency. The fees due are taken from the collateral in the trader's general account. 

> If each fee type is set to have a value, the fee is divided between the maker for the trade, the infrastructure providers, the liquidity provider(s) for each market, and the network's treasury.

Reviewer: I think "the network's treasury" is fine for collectively referring to the treasury and buyback fee components but raising just in case you don't and want to add the buyback here.

[How the liquidity fee is set](../liquidity/rewards-penalties.md#determining-the-liquidity-fee-percentage)
:::

### Network treasury fee
The network treasury fee is collected from takers and transferred to the [network treasury](../assets/accounts.md#network-treasury-accounts).

The amount charged for this fee is set by a network parameter.

### Buyback fee

> The buyback fee is collected from takers and is used to buy governance tokens on a spot market via regular auctions. If there is no relevant spot market, and the fee is set to a value higher than 0, the accrued fee payments are transferred to the [network treasury](../assets/accounts.md#network-treasury-accounts).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The buyback fee is collected from takers and is used to buy specific tokens on a spot market through Protocol Automated Purchase programs.
```

The bit about relevant spot markets is not true, if there are no programs active the funds will just sit in the buyback account. They can always be transferred later through govenrance.
